---
layout: post
title: Week 1 - The Need For Open Source
---


When I first heard the words "open source" I thought it meant a software where the source is accessible online by everyone. Up until the first day of class I did not know that in order for a software to be considered open sourced it needed a specific license. I learned that not everyone is able to contribute to an open sourced project, only those granted permission will be able to contribute. 

There are multiple advantages to making a software open sourced, first and foremost is the fact that since there is a community of people looking at the code, bugs will be found quickly and resolved quickly too. Whereas with closed source software when we as users find a problem we notify the company and it will take time for it to be resolved. Another main advantage to open sourced software is that since the code is available people are able to change the source code and make modifications according to what they need. Although it seems like open source software has all the advantage compared to closed source software, there are a couple of advantages to closed source software. One of which is since the code of open source softwares are available publically, hackers are able to look through it and so the software might be more prone to getting hacked whereas with closed source software it is not the case. Another problem to open source software is there might be a lack of resource available for all types of users (not only developers) to be able to use the software. 
 
An open source project that I have used frequently for years is Wikipedia, like most people when I look up something on the internet I would always look at the Wikipedia article on it first. Another open source project that I have used is mySQL, a relational database management system. I have also used Atom, a text editor to produce web apps for my other classes and also Mozilla Firefox, as one of my primary web browser.

I registered for this class because I wanted to learn more about open source software since I was hearing more and more people talk about it. Moreover I wanted to be able to contribute to projects and I was hoping that the class will be good practice for me to be able to start contributing. After completing this class I hope to be able to make meaningful contribution to more open source projects. 

