---
layout: post
title: Week 2 - Creating a Browser Extension
---
  This week in class we begin the discussion of browser extension, we discussed our favorite browser extension (our group voted for Ad Blocker) and we had some practice creating our first Firefox extension. We were tasked to come up with an idea of our own browser extension. Our group decided on the idea of using the topSites API and modifies the page. The topSites API will return an array of our most frequented pages. If the user is on one of those pages we will customize the background theme to be different from the pages that arent frequently visited. 
  
  We have divided the tasks up and so far we are still in the early stages of creating the browser extension. I will mostly be working on the javascript parts of this browser extension. Currently I am working on getting the array of topSites and checking to see if the current page the user is on is in the array of frequently visited sites. Some problems that have come up include testing/debugging the code, since to be able to use the topSites API we need to have permission to it (declared in the manifest.json) so we are not able to test the html/ js like we normally do when we create a website. I believe that we will be able to resolve problems that we face and will have a working product by the due date. I am glad that I am able to communicate well with my team and we are able to get work done. 
  
  Creating a browser extension is a new topic for me so this week has definitely taught me alot of new things.I have also read up on WebExtension API mostly on the topSite API. This has definitely given me some ideas on future projects that I can work on.

