---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Standups, Wikipedia and Covid 19
---

## Stand Up

This week we had our first stand up, so far we have created 2 pull requests to FreeCodeCamp and we are looking at more issues that we can work on. For me personally, I believe that our group is working well together. We are able to communicate well and everyone makes it to the weekly meetings and takes on some work. Hearing the other groups talk about their contributions it seems like we are making similar progress as them. I thought it was interesting how different groups were working on different types of contributions, I remember that there was one group who were working on a wireframe for a website as their contribution. It is interesting how some of the contributions were short term like ours and some were more long term projects. 

## Wikipedia

This week we also discussed how open encyclopedia as an open source project and how much it has played some sort of a role in people's lives. For me, growing up when I was trying to look into a certain topic Wikipedia would always be the first site that popped up as a search result. However, as I grew older more and more of my teachers kept telling me that for educational purposes Wikipedia wasnt the most reliable site to look at because people could edit the pages. Until now I still use Wikipedia to a certain extent since it still is the easiest site to get information from. 

## Covid-19

This week I also did some research on open efforts regarding Covid-19 I found more things than I had expected. I thought that all I would find were open data on the number of patients infected however, upon doing research I found some open efforts that I thought were especially interesting. [Opentrons](https://opentrons.com/) has an open source lab automation platform that allows rapid testing of covid 19 virus for up to 2400 tests a day. [Chai Open qPCR](https://www.chaibio.com/openqpcr) is an open source hardware that uses polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to perform rapid testing of the virus on surfaces. There are many more open source projects that help Covid-19. 





