---
layout: post
title: Week 13 - Money from Open Source 
---
### Money from Open Source
This week we talked about both open source as a business and open source for social good. Starting out with this class my impression of open source like most, is that they were projects that software engineers contribute to as a side project on the weekend, so the idea of making money from open source was surprising for me. We discussed how different businesses could make money from open source, the donation business model that Mozilla and Wikipedia uses and Open Core business model that Gitlab uses were probably the only that I recognized before the class discussion. What I thought was interesting was the Bounty driven development used by Caprine. I found it interesting because an upside to having software be open sourced is that since anybody can look at the software then bugs get fixed faster, but this business model gets their money from third party companies that use the open source software who pays for bug fixes.

### Contributions
As for contributions, so far me and my group are working on adding more lessons to the rosetta code section of free code camp. We have made 2 more PRs of new lessons. When we made one of our pull requests, a developer commented on our pull request saying that we were supposed to create an issue saying that we want to add a lesson to the curriculum, but another developer later commented that he was under the impression that lesson additions didnt require adding an issue, we added an issue either way but our group is still unsure if we are supposed to add issues if we want to add more lessons. 
