---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Evaluating Projects and Bloomberg Speaker
---

This week we looked at some open sourced projects to evaluate. My group and I looked at [Godot](https://github.com/godotengine/godot). Godot is a software that helps
people with game deveopment. From the evaluation we did in class it seems that Godot is a good open source project. Just from 
looking at their website they clearly documented the liscense that their project was under, how to contribute to their project, 
their code of conduct and much more. 

Navigating to their project repository, I learned that their community is really active, they have pull requests almost every 
hour. This project primarily uses C++, but doesnt require much specific knowledge on game design, however since the project 
is quite large, it is a little difficult to figure out where to find which code represents which functionality. Moreover, 
for a person that has limited experience in game design and even games in general, I think that working on this project will be 
a little difficult as we wont be able to think as a user of the software. I think selecting a project to contribute to will
not be an easy task, however I know that I will want to work on one that I am interested in. 

This week we also had a guest speaker from Bloomberg come in to talk about open source projects that Bloomberg uses and contributes
to. Prior to the presentation, I only thought of Bloomberg as a news company, after listening to his presentation I learned that
it was more than that. What I found particularly interesting was Bloomberg terminal, which was a tool that allowed users to 
access financial data, news feeds and also have a messaging tool. 

He mentioned that in addition to using open source projects, Bloomberg also contributes to several open source projects including
Jupyter. He also mentioned that Bloomberg also develops their own open source project which I did not expect. He mentioned that
most of the open source projects that they create are for infrastructure and are not beginner friendly. This presentation 
has definitely made me realize the importance of open source projects, how widely it is used even with large companies like 
Bloomberg. This has definitely motivated me to contribute to open source projects. 

So far I have contributed to OpenStreet map, adding different locations to back in my home country (Indonesia), when I made my
first contribution I was definitely nervous. I was scared that I would mess things up if I pinned a location on the wrong place, 
but after my first contribution I realized that it wasnt difficult to make contributions here. 


