---
layout: post
title: Week 7 - Project Decisions 
---

### Github
This week has been a whirlwind, with the shift to remote classes and project decissions. On Monday our last in person meeting, we continued our discussion about Git. We discussed the difference between merging and rebasing. Both are techniques to integrate changes from a branch to another however with merging, the history will be preserved whereas with rebasing the history will be rewritten. 


### Project Decisions
On Wednesday, we started our first meeting remotely. We were assigned our groups in which we would be working with for the rest of the semester. All 3 of us had different primary programming languages, Python, JavaScript and Java. Throughout the class period we decided that we would be opting for a project that would primarly use JavaScript. Some of us liked the idea of working on a project that we could actually see the end result of ( a project that is used by users instead of other developers) so right now we tentatively decided that we would like to contribute to FreeCodeCamp. 

FreeCodeCamp is an open sourced project that teaches people how to code by coding challenges and building projects. We were interested in this project primarily because all the members in our group had some knowledge in Javascript and because we liked how they are helping people learn how to code. 

While looking through their repository we looked at the open issues and they seemed like they werent going to be that hard to understand. Moreover, they also had issues that were labelled "first timers welcome" that were good for beginners. It seemed like their repository is well documented and everybody seems friendly. We also decided on a meeting time for our group which is every Wednesday from 2.30pm - 3.30pm.

