---
layout: post
title: Week 14 - Project progress
---

This week we had our second stand up, we were asked to talk about the progress we've made with our contributions along with what we plan to accomplish in the next week or 2. Listening to the other grouos presentations, I think that our group is on track. It was interesting to hear that some groups wanted to start with small contributions but their contributions morphed into bigger issues that they were able to work on. I also thought that it was really nice how some of the teams got the opportunity to have weekly meetings with the developers of these projects. I think its interesting how different each group's experience with this project is. 

Overall I am satisfied with the progress that my group has made so far and the contributions that we have made to FreeCodeCamp. Although we've only had 1 pull request approved, our group has opened 4 pull requests in total and we are each working on another pull request that should be opened by the end of this week or early next week. I think that our group has been working well together, all of us are always able to make the meetings, when any of us have problems we are able to get help from each other. Moreover I feel like our group members are always constantly updating our progress and communicating either through slack or through the weekly meetings. Within the next 2 weeks or before the semester ends we hope to be able to open as many pull requests as we can. I think that for me personally this project has really helped me be able to communicate better with people that I dont know and also to be able to create clean code that follows their style guides. I really think that FreeCodeCamp is a project that I will contribute to even after the semester ends. 
