---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - Searching for Open Data
---

  This week we had 2 guest speakers come in and talk all about data, starting from where to get open data, licensing, how to 
  process these data and the different databases. Just like how open source software has different license that describes how people
  can use them, open data also has these license that specify how the data can be used for example some data can be used but not
  for commercial purposes, etc. However, not all data that we obtain online is reliable, they mentioned a few sites where we could obtain data. 
  In fact I learned that we can look for various data from [NYU library's site](https://guides.nyu.edu/datasources). 
  
  Even when we've gotten the data, we cant necessarily use it straight away, the data needs to be processed first. The tools that
  they typically use is Python and its modules. One Python module that they mentioned that I thought was interesting was Beautifulsoup. 
  Beautifulsoup helps us parse html pages so that we can extract data from it. I never knew about this tool and previously thought that to get data
  from html pages we had to iterate through each tag.   
  
  I was also introduced to relational and non relational database. MySql and PostgreSQL are examples of relational databases while
  MongoDB is a nonrelational database. Both these databases are useful in their different ways, although non relational datbases are faster
  than relational databases, there are cases where we need to have relationships between different data. 
  
  Overall I have learned alot about data this week, I now know more about where I can get reliable data and the tools that I need to process 
  this data to be usable. 
 
