---
layout: post
title: Week 9 - First Project Contributions
---
### Rebase Exercise
This week we worked on git rebase exercises, the task that was given to work on in groups was an exercise to familiarize our self with rebase. Me and my group found the exercise to be a little tricky especially the first problem. We thought our first attempt at it was correct however when we rebased it we were expecting an conflict but we did not receive a conflict so we know that we had done something wrong. So we went back and check what we did wrong, we realize that some of the changes that we were supposed to make were not made in the right branch thats why we were not getting any conflicts. The idea of rebasing is still a little confusing to me but I do feel like doing the exercise helped alot in understanding the concept. 

### Group Project - FreeCodeCamp

As for our project, me and my group had our very first meeting this week. On Wednesday we talked about looking through issues and within the hour we were able to pick our first issue to work on. Our project that we will contribute to is FreeCodeCamp, for this first issue that we worked on, it was a test case that kept passing eventhough it did not meet the requirement. The test case said that the function was supposed to take in an input and remove that element from the hash table, however the test still passed even when the function does not do anything. After modifying the test code we were able to fix the problem and we created a [pull request](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/38441) for it. We are now just waiting for our pull request to either get merged or fix the comments that they make.
