---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - Guest Speaker and Cathedral vs Bazaar
---

## The Cathedral and the Bazaar
This week we discussed The Cathedral and the Bazaar essay. The essay talks about 2 different models, the Cathdral model and the Bazaar model. 
The Cathedral model describes a development model where a selected group of people is developing the software whereas the Bazaar model makes development
of a software open to many people to contribute to. The essay also highlights several lessons that I thought was interesting. 

<i>"Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer’s personal itch."</i>
I definitely agree with this point that to start developing something, a developer has to be interested in an idea and want to 
make it a reality. 

<i> If you have the right attitude, interesting problems will find you. </i>
This point I thought was interesting because often times when we're using a software or we're developing our own we look at it
and we think that its good theres nothing wrong with it. I think the author is saying that once we become more open minded there
will be problems that show up. 

<i> Release early. Release open. And listen to your customers. </i>
I agree with this point to some extent, I do believe that listening to your customers is important as they are the ones that will
use our product, even if somethies what they want doesnt line up with the vision that we had. However I believe that releasing once we 
are satisfied with the code is important.


## Guest Speaker

This week we also had a guest speaker come in to talk about open source software development. He talked about how the term Open Source
does not mean the same thing to everyone. He shared his experience with open source development and talked about recruiting. What I thought 
was interesting was how he mentioned the idea of how companies look at the contributors to open source projects to recruit potential employees. 
What I also found interesting was how he mentioned that even projects that you do seperate from the company will still be considered
the comapny's property if it is worked on during company time and with company property. I've always thought that as long as it is not a project
that was worked on with the company then it is seperate from the company. 

## Project Contributions

This week our group reached out to FreeCodeCamp to see if they had any long term projects that we could work on, they mentioned 
that all that they need help with are posted on the issues tab on github. We also received some feedback on our first pull request 
and have made the updates to it and we are just waiting for more feedback or for the pull request to be merged. We are also working on another issue
and should have another pull request up soon. 
