---
layout: post
title: Week 14 - Final
---

This week is our last week of classes, seeing the other groups present, it was really interesting to see how most of us started out thinking that open source projects was basically projects that were free and that people only worked on it for a side hobby and now all of us has contributed something to an open source project. For me personally looking at the goals I have set: 
- Be more comfortable in reading and working with other people's code
- Be more comfortable asking questions and asking for help
- Improve javascript skills
- Contribute to more open source projects
- Be more comfortable with working with others on projects
- Be more comfortable in using git with command line

I can say that I have made some progress towards achieving these goals. Contributing to FreeCodeCamp allowed me to definitely improve my javascript skills as most of the code is written in javascript. Contributing also meant that I had to read through other people's code and understand it and see how they structured their work so that I could add more lessons that followed the same structure. I was definitely able to communicate and work with others better on projects by having to work with my group, I was able to communicate more on my progress and my contributions. As for interactions with the freeCodeCamp community, it wasnt until recently that I had the most progress with this, I was able to communicate with a couple of the contributors and was assigned to tasks to do by them. I definitely think that I am more comfortable with contributing to open source projects than I was in the beginning of the semster eventhough I still get anxious to see if the fixes that I made make sense or not. I have really learnt alot this semester and I think that this has been a great introduction for me to be able to contribute on more open source projects in the future. 

