---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - The Top Sites extension
---

  This week me and my group created our own extensions. We created an extension that would let the users change the color of the borders if they were on a site that they visited frequently. We gave the users 3 color options, red, green and blue.
  
  At first the idea sounded not to bad to execute, starting this project I thought that I wouldnt be faced with many problems along the way, but I was definitely proven wrong. Even just trying to extract the array of top sites, I was faced with problems. I learned that certain APIs (including the top sites API) could only be accessed through background scripts and not content scripts.
  After getting the array of sites, we thought most of the heavy lifting was done, all we needed to do was just check if the page that we were currently in and then if the url was in the array we would just use Javascript to change the url of the page but we were again faced with another problem. The way we set up our project was there was a popup that displayed the color the user wanted to change the border to, the popup itself was an html. When we tried to access the current page we were on by using *windows.location.href* instead of returning the page we were on, it returned the path to the popup instead. Which lead me to learning about the tabs API.
  To get the current url we could use the tabs API and send a query to find the current active tab.
  
  Besides the new tools that I learned, my biggest takeaway from this project is that although I do believe that working remotely is useful, I myself feel like more work can be done if the group actually meets and works together. 
  I also learned that I find it useful to sit together in the beginning and hash out the basics of the project (the idea, the tasks that each person is responsible for, etc.). 
  
  Seeing the other presentations, there were a few that stuck out to me, the studyBuddy extension and the table of contents extension. Both theses extensions are definitely extensions that I found very useful. The study buddy extension could definitely help me focus better seeing as I easily get distracted when I study. Whereas the table of contents extension could really help me navigate through classes where lecture notes for the whole semester are posted online, instead of having to scroll through the page, I could easily just scroll through the table of contents. 



