---
layout: post
title: Week 12 - Open Efforts for Covid 19
---

This week we discussed alot of open efforts in response to Covid 19. I was surprised with the diverse ways people can help, from open data, open software to open hardware. 

### Open Hardware

Alot of the open hardware that were talked about mostly revolved around rapid testing using PCR kits. These companies use software that are under an open source license on their products and sells it to test for the virus. Some also consisted of DIY PCR kits that enabled people to test for the virus. The project that I came across was also a rapid testing kit, Opentrons whose product is said to be able to test 2400 tests per day. The other was Chai Open qPCR, whose product tests for the virus on different surfaces. 

### Open Data

The most common open efforts that are out there are open data on coronavirus. These data sets shows the number of people tested, how many of them tested positive, how many cases per state, etc. The most common open data is [John Hopkin's data set.](https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6) The project that I came across was also an open data set of states, how many people have been tested of those numbers how many tested positive and negative, how many people in the ICU how many people on ventilators, etc. A problem that I found with this dataset was that there was a lot of missing data. 

### Open Software

There were also multiple projects that worked on software to help Covid 19. A project that I thought was interesting was [Safepaths](http://safepaths.mit.edu/) which is an app that would tell us if we have crossed paths with anyone who has gotten the virus. The way this works is that patients that have gotten the virus have the option to provide their 28 day location to their health officials. These health officials will then use the Safepaths app to update the different locations taking out confidential information (making sure it doesnt get included) which will then be released to users of the app. These projects had me thinking of privacy issues that users might have. These softwares deal with sensitive health information of patients, do these comapnies ask permissions from the patients involved, do people that their information is being used, would privacy be a big issue if the product could possible help reduce the number of infections and so on. 
